I'm curious Prime's thoughts on large
files slash LFS since it isn't covered
in the content and any thoughts on
squash merged, keep repos smaller.
>> Yeah, I don't care about the size.
So there's two questions in there and
they're kinda both the same.
So get large files at
the store is just like it's,
it's it does some of efficiency.
So the thing that's happening if you
didn't notice that we could go and
restore every commit having
every pointer to every file.
Now, we can restore those files,
those files were compressed and all that.
So if you're storing like 100
megabyte image, it's gonna go and
it's gonna compress this and
then you have to download it.
There's a lot you have to download,
so get a large file store just,
Effectively is an optimization for
larger Files, which are just a huge
pain in the ass when it comes to Git.
That's why people argue
why Perforce is better,
is actually specifically about large
file storage and binary assets.
But now with Git, whatever it is,
large file store LFS, it's better.
As far as history size, I don't think you
should really care about history size.
History is free, right?
I just like to have it clean,
so when I'm doing a revert,
I don't shoot myself in the foot.
I really don't wanna revert like a six
item change with a bunch of merge commits.
That's what I don't wanna do.
I just wanna be able to just say,
revert e and like that's it.
So that's my only argument for
why I prefer rebase over,
it's cuz I inevitably bet against myself.
>> Outside of just some of the techniques
you covered here for your own repo.
Is there anything that you'd recommend for
people who contribute as far as working
with forks and just contributing
to open source in general?
>> Contributing their open source?
>> Yeah, I think the question's more like,
is there any techniques here that you use
to, when you're working with your
phone and pushing it back or
submitting the PR back to
some open source repo?
>> Yeah I think everything I
already stated is exactly it.
I try to do one commit,
make it really nice.
I try never, if I can, I try to never
make a change ever above about 150 lines.
There's some studies that suggest that
people will rubber stamp significantly
higher rates if you add more lines.
There just comes a point where
you can no longer review well.
So if you can keep things small and
do more reviews,
it just makes life a lot easier.
So that's my only real thing is, if you're
gonna be contributing to open source A,
there's been a lot of angst over open
source commits in the last few months.
So don't just make dumb commits.
That's a good thing to do.
Don't be mean, remember it's all free.
No one's getting paid out there for
open source.
I mean, they might be getting
paid like $20 a month, but
that's not enough to
really be happy with it.
>> And
just to follow up to the env question,
what's a good way to handle env files?
If you want everyone to have a base
template, but make their own changes,
do you add it to the repo?
And then.
>> Yeah,
you can add it to the repo with like
a default one, save it, then ignore it.
So then it's there, and
no further changes can be had.
There's strategies, right?
You can have the whole
like env template or
whatever, and env default and
then you just copied over into yours.
But that's all organizational stuff.
>> All right
>> I always do like env-something.
By the way, great,
also great plugin by the way.
Great great great vim thing I don't
know if you guys know about this but
wait, hold on.
Chad stack that was using COBOL.
If I go like this and by the way,
if you guys don't know,
you can get plugins so
that if you have your env,
it will automatically put
little stars right there.
If you ever accidentally don't want, you
never want this thing leaked ever or for
any reason,
it's always good to have this thing on.
And so if you're in an env file,
it'll just always do that.
You can just do a little cloak doggle and
boom, right there.
And it's a fun little thing.
If you don't have that,
I always recommend having that.
Cloak, I think it's named cloak for
both VS Code and Vim.
It's a good little plug and a half.
I just wanted to mention Vim more,
if possible.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I'd love to talk to you about how
your life can improve by using Vim.
Is it possible to have
a personal gitignore?
Someone's asking that.
There is, right before we go,
there's actually a file inside
of git that you can do.
So if I go like this here,
I'll try to do this really quickly.
I'll just go like this.
I'll create a file like this, it's
some sort of divorce hack file, right?
So it's right here.
It's this thing right here,
get/info/exclude.
So if you add it to the git/info/exclude,
it's a gitignore but only for you.
So if I save this, it's It's gone,
but nobody else gets it.
It's one of those like super secret ones,
but that's one of them.
There you go.
This is everything I think you need to
know about, gets to be useful at your job.
Everything else is,
I don't think you need, just real facts.
There you go.
That's it.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Thanks.